We will be learning version control, how to clone repositories, how to frok make pull requests and merge repositories and a whole
bunch of really exciting things.

Question :- What is version control ?
Answer :- Let's say that I create a new code file and I write a few lines in it, Now I decide to put it under version contriol Git,
          and let;s say that I call this save points as number 1. Now this is my first version. Later on as I progress I write maybe a 
          few more code of line of code and at this point I decide to make another save point and I call this my second version.
          So further down the line I accidentally screw up my entire code file and it's irreparable and I get to the point where i would
          rather burn my entire code file rather than having to try and fix it.

          You do get into these situations because very ften your code is interlinked and each class depends on another and sometimes
          you can screw up in a way where you know all hope is lost and I simply just want to rollback to the last save point. I can do that using Git.

Here we will simplify some terms to understand what's going on
Question :- What is staging area ?
Staging Area :- Here, In order to start tracking the changes of my files for example chapter1.txt then I need to add this file to what's called a 
                staging Area.

                It is basically a intermediate place where you can pick and choose which files inside your working directory that
                you want to commit. So to see what's currently inside your staging area, you can use the git status command and It shows
                you that there are untracked files which will be shown in red and this is something that simply inside          

                command which you have to write :- git status (check 1.jpg)

                In order to add it to the stging area and to start tracking changes in it, then we have to use the command 
                $ git add chapter1.txt 

                or 
                To add multiple file use this
                $ git add .

                if you want to check what changes we have made you can also see that
                $ git log

                (It will give you the time and date and It also has a hash uniquely identifies this particular commit and then 
                right at the end you see this commit message of what this save point was all about.)

So what is happening, we will try to know
-> So we created a file in our working directory inside our Gitworking directory.
-> So the working directory is the folder or the directory where you initialize your Git repository
-> when we said git init , we did that inside the Gitworking directory, so that becomes working directory.
-> And from now on Git is going to try and track the changes that it sees between the working directory and the local repository.
-> then we used git add to push it in staging area ( Now the reason why there is this intermediate staging area because you might wonder
   why not just go from the woring directory straight to the repository, why do we need extra step,
   
   At some point you don't want to add all the files, so staging area is a good place to try and figure out what are the things
   that you want Git to ignore and what are the things that you want to be tracked)
-> next step is to commit by using "git commit" command. so now our file is inside our local repository. so that .git version
   is given a name through the commit message, so that means that even if we have messed up our file, we can still use the last version
   that's under version control.

   we use this command to rollback or to revert back to the last position in our local repository which is 
   "$ git checkout".

-> Suppose my book will be best seller, due to some issue, all content get changed so how we can go back.
   because we have git we dont have to worry about. I can revert the changes that I have made locally in the working directory.
   so we have txt file that have not yet been committed or added to the staging area. so if we wanted to we can actually revert
   this back to it's previous glory.

   But before that we can use git diff to check tyhe difference between the current version and last saaved version


