We will be learning version control, how to clone repositories, how to frok make pull requests and merge repositories and a whole
bunch of really exciting things.

Question :- What is version control ?
Answer :- Let's say that I create a new code file and I write a few lines in it, Now I decide to put it under version contriol Git,
          and let;s say that I call this save points as number 1. Now this is my first version. Later on as I progress I write maybe a 
          few more code of line of code and at this point I decide to make another save point and I call this my second version.
          So further down the line I accidentally screw up my entire code file and it's irreparable and I get to the point where i would
          rather burn my entire code file rather than having to try and fix it.

          You do get into these situations because very ften your code is interlinked and each class depends on another and sometimes
          you can screw up in a way where you know all hope is lost and I simply just want to rollback to the last save point. I can do that using Git.

Here we will simplify some terms to understand what's going on
Question :- What is staging area ?
Staging Area :- Here, In order to start tracking the changes of my files for example chapter1.txt then I need to add this file to what's called a 
                staging Area.

                It is basically a intermediate place where you can pick and choose which files inside your working directory that
                you want to commit. So to see what's currently inside your staging area, you can use the git status command and It shows
                you that there are untracked files which will be shown in red and this is something that simply inside          

                command which you have to write :- git status (check 1.jpg)

                In order to add it to the stging area and to start tracking changes in it, then we have to use the command 
                $ git add chapter1.txt 

                or 
                To add multiple file use this
                $ git add .

                if you want to check what changes we have made you can also see that
                $ git log

